High in this video I want to talk about Zip packages.
I've mentioned that a little while back in some of the videos and so I want to come back to it and just
show you how that works.
So here I've just taken the same project that we had when we were looking at how to structure packages
and then how to import them.
So remember we had that big common package with everything in it with the validators and the models
and so on.
So I'm going to just take that very same project and all I did is I took that folder common and I zipped
it up and I called it common dot zip.
I don't even have to call it common.
I don't even have to call it Dot zip but I do have to just zip that up.
So I left the extension to show that it's an archive.
So now we want to import from common but common of course is in zip.
So this isn't going to work.
Let's try it.
And it's not going to find it.
It's going to say no there's no module named common.
Well what about common Dadds zip.
Maybe this would work.
Let's try that.
Will that work.
And it says no it's for can find common.
Right.
It still can't find it.
So this is not the solution.
Let's go ahead and bring up a python console and here basically I would be trying to do this I would
say import comic and that's not going to work because there is no module named com.
So let's import this model.
And you remember the cist path this tells Python where to look for packages.
Well the thing is it doesn't know that it should look for packages and files inside common commandant
zip.
So we just need to tell it hey you need to look in this zip archive as well.
So let's go ahead and do it.
So he's going to say stop path that happened.
And since the zip archive is actually in my zip package this project doesn't have to be.
But since it is I can use a relative path so I'm going to say using the current directory.
Go and look at common dot zip.
OK.
So now if I do this cannot import common.
And the answer is yes I can.
Common has been loaded up.
There we go.
Can I import something inside that's nested inside like common validator.
And the answer again is yes I can.
Right.
So this is kind of pretty magical.
I think it's really cool but you can essentially zip up your packages and then pull them out of that
whenever you want.
So let's see how we would fix.
Now our main program to do that we just have to basically do this.
That's all we have to do at the beginning of our program before we try and do those imports.
So we're going to say imports this and then systole the path that append
and we'll use the relative file path and will want to come in dock in November and we'll add the common
zip to the suspects and now we should be able to run our program just as before.
As you can see we've got the exit code of zero.
It did all these imported called validators it was able to find posts and posts and user.
We printed out the name spaces and so on and all those from files that were zipped up archived and is
archived.
That's it.
That's as simple as it gets.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.